a) What are some pros and cons of Agile development (vs non-Agile)? List 2 of each. 

The pros of Agile development are as follows:
1. Agile development allows for easy collaboration within a team.
2. It allows teams to be more resilient to scope changes in the project.

The cons of Agile development are as follows:
1. Agile development leads to increased overheadh because the amount of time spent planning, coordinating, and communicating via agile frameworks can cause trouble for teams with tigher deadlines or smaller teams.
2. Agile methodology places an emphasis on self-organization and communication, and this process would be severely hindered if the team dynamics do not match the necessary requirements.

The pros of non-Agile development are as follows:
1. There is more detailed documentation in non-Agile development
2. The sequential nature of Waterfall makes it easier to manage and control projects. 

The cons of non-Agile development are as follows:
1. The project would not be able to adapt to scope changes unlike in agile methodology.
2. There is little room for customer feedback before deployment since it is not necessarily an iterative process.

b) Explain the role and responsibilities of the Scrum Master vs the Product Owner.

The Scrum Master deals with all Scrum-related tasks such as Jira tooling, facilitating sprints and meetings, as well as standups. The Product Owner sets the direction for the team and handles the release and stakeholder management.

c) What are the 3 types of meetings that happen during a sprint cycle? List at least 2 points on what needs to be discussed in each of these meetings. 

The 3 types of meetings that happen during a sprint cycle are the sprint planning meeting, the daily scrum/standup meeting and the sprint retrospective meeting. 

The points of discussion in a sprint planning meeting are as follows:
1. Determine what to complete in the next sprint. 
2. Determine story points and assign stories to the team.

The points of discussion in a daily scrum/standup meeting are as follows:
1. Each team member will discuss the work that they have completed
2. Each team member will discuss the work that they plan on doing for the day and any blockers they may have.

The points of discussion in a sprint retrospective meeitng are as follows:
1. Discuss the work completed at the end of the sprint.
2. Move incomplete backlog to the next sprint.

d) Differentiate between Epic, Story, Bug, and Task issue types in Jira. 

An Epic captures the larger body of work that can be broken down into several smaller stories. 
A Story is a software system requirement that is expressed in a few short sentences. 
An Issue is a unit of work that can be tracked on the workflow. It can range from a bug (smallest unit of work) to an epic (which is the largest unit of work)
A Bug is a problem that impairs the product's functionality and can block stories.
A Task is all the bits and pieces of work that need to be done to complete a story.
